[grandiose music]
[lion roars]
[eerie music playing]
[rumbling]
[Riya]
Who's there? Who am I?
What's happening?
-[indistinct whispering]
-[Riya]
What is this place?
-[shrieks]
-[Riya]
It's your fault.
-[voices]
There's nothing they can say!
-[Riya]
Did I do this?
I can't think straight.
-[indistinct whispering]
-[woman]
Do it.
[machine whirring]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
[machine whirring]
[Riya sighs]
[Riya groans]
[thundering]
[groans]
-[facility beeping]
-[groans]
[facility]
System failure.
Reboot to activate standby power.
[pants]
[groans]
-[groans]
-[machine whirring]
-[button beeps]
-[gasps]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
System failure.
Reboot to activate standby power.
[Riya] Hello?
[gasps]
[machine whirring]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Riya] Hello?
[electricity crackling]
-[facility beeping]
-[facility]
Security system breach.
[Riya gasps]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
[eerie music playing]
-[machine whirring]
-[facility beeping]
[facility]
System Failure.
Reboot to activate standby power.
[computer stuttering]
[Riya gasps]
[Riya] Hey.
[eerie music playing]
[computer stuttering]
[facility]
Reboot to activate standby power.
[facility powering up]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[facility beeping]
[facility]
Station standby power activated.
[door hissing]
[eerie music playing]
[thundering]
[soft music playing]
Hello?!
[thundering]
Hello?
[soft music playing]
[thundering]
[coughs]
Where am I?
[grunts]
[wonderment music]
[thundering]
[Riya] Brion.
[chokes, gasps]
[coughs]
[retches]
[gasps]
[coughs]
[coughs, gasps]
[gasps]
[thundering]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Vital oxygen levels compromised.
[pants]
[Clarke] Riya.
[screams]
[shrieks]
[upbeat music playing]
Pass.
-[crowd chuckles]
-[chuckles] Oh, come on.
-Someone’s gotta say something.
-Uh. [clears throat]
How about...
we will prosper here. Huh?
-[chuckles]
-[Kevin] What?
-[Audie] Yeah, yeah.
-[Kevin chuckles] What?
-[Riya] "We will prosper here." [chuckles]
-[Kevin] Right?
-What the hell does that even mean?
-[Clarke] Oh fuck.
-What are you, the queen?
-I think it's nice.
-Nah?
-Nice? Nice is fucking boring.
All right, folks, here we go.
In honour of our dear friend in
the Orbital, five delicious bowls
-of Brion's boiled beans.
-[Audie] I got it.
-[Clarke grunts]
-To Brion.
-Hmm.
-[Clarke] To Brion.
-To Brion.
-Yeah.
-So, Clarke, you, uh...
you think you got something better?
-[Audie] Hmm.
-No.
Ask Riya.
Chances are she's gonna be
the first one out.
[Kevin chuckling]
-I am?
-[Clarke chuckling]
-Don't look at me.
-[Kevin chuckling]
-[Clarke] Nah, come on, guys.
-How about you, Cap?
[Kevin] Yeah, let's go, Cap. Come on.
-[Clarke chuckling]
-I say we should focus on our mission.
-Oh!
-[Kevin] This guy.
Captain Syed Audie, first man to set foot
-on planet K.O.I.-442...
-[Kevin] Mm-hmm.
...and his famous first words were...
-[Audie farts]
-[all laugh]
-[Clarke] Delicious.
-Guys.
-Shit.
-[Davis] Fucking savory.
Let's say it's you, then.
What is it?
You're one small step.
-[Davis] Come on.
-[Clarke chuckling]
You really think
we're gonna head out soon?
Yeah, probably.
I mean, uh, this planet, like...
The fact that the atmosphere is almost
breathable already, like...
I-- I would be shocked
if any of the others found
something even close to this viable.
You know what you're doing?
-You're doing your little thing, huh?
-No. No.
-She's good.
-[Clarke] Oh!
-I know.
-I see it. I see it.
-[all chant] Riya. Riya. Riya. Riya.
-Guys, okay.
-[all chant] Riya. Ri...
-Okay, guys, guys. Okay.
-Oh God. I hate you.
-Come on, you love us.
-[sighs] Okay.
-[Clarke chuckles]
[Kevin] Come on.
-Um.
-Yep?
I'm thinking-- I'm thinking, um...
How about...
let's not fuck it up this time.
[chuckles] Yeah.
-Wow
-What?
Kind of a downer?
Come on, guys,
I don't even want to do this.
Cheers.
[electricity crackling]
[computer stuttering]
[inhales]
-[patch beeping]
-[sighs]
-[soft music playing]
-[pants]
[winces]
[shower pattering]
[Riya] Who am I?
[suspenseful music playing]
[bell chiming]
[Riya reading] "Oxygen saturation."
"Cabin pressure"
-[airlock banging]
-[gasps]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Movement detected
at Zone One.
[facility]
Exterior airlock.
[airlock banging]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[airlock banging]
-[facility beeping]
[facility]
Movement detected
at Zone One.
[facility]
Exterior airlock.
[airlock banging]
[thundering]
[wind howling]
[airlock banging]
[airlock hissing, opening]
[footsteps receding]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Brion groans]
-[Brion groans, pants]
-[Ria grunts]
-[groans]
-Who are you?
-Riya!
-What the fuck?
-[pants]
[Brion pants]
[grunts]
It's me.
Brion.
Brion Cargyle.
Here. Look.
I'm Seven-F.
We're on the same crew. Okay?
I'm orbital monitoring.
-Brion?
-That's right.
Brion.
Brion's boiled beans.
[chuckles]
Boiled beans.
Yeah. That's me.
You sent me a distress call.
An SOS.
Said that Clarke had
some sort of psychotic break.
Turned on the crew.
Is she the one that did this to you?
Davis too?
I'm sorry.
When-- when I woke up...
everything had already happened.
What had already happened?
[suspenseful music playing]
What do you remember?
Um...
Just...
moments.
Images.
A woman.
-Attacking us. I...
-Clarke.
Any idea where she might be?
No. When I woke up, there was no one left.
That's all you remember?
I'm sorry. I... [clears throat]
[sighs] It's just everything
that is going on.
I don't know where I am.
I don't know who I am.
[soft music playing]
Wait here.
-[thundering]
-[soft music playing]
-[button beeps]
-[Medbot powering up]
-
Welcome to Medbot.
-Yes.
-[Riya] You said Seven-F.
-[Medbot repeats welcome in Japanese]
-What does it mean?
-[Medbot beeping]
Mission and vessel.
Wait.
Do you not remember Earth?
At all?
No.
-[sighs]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Medbot beeping]
Medbot is now scanning,
please remain calm.
Missions one through six failed.
Seven's our final hope.
Half a dozen vessels
spread across the galaxy.
Targeting viable Earth-sized planets.
-Mission Seven. Vessel F.
-Mm-hmm.
That's us.
And we have the great honor of calling
K.O.I.-442 our home.
Or Ash.
As Kev used to call it.
[Medbot beeping]
[gasps]
-[Riya panting]
-Hey, hey, hey. It's okay. It's okay.
I know, it's weird.
Just-- just try to stay calm.
You okay?
[Riya] Yeah.
Yeah.
How come you were able to stay in orbit.
[Brion] That's how it works.
For the first year, at least.
One of us has to stay up there.
To establish comms with home base.
Or, well, if anything goes wrong.
[Riya] I think I saw you.
A light across the sky.
-Is that the Orbital?
-That's the one.
-Every couple days we line-up.
-[Medbot beeping]
[Medbot] Next phase beginning,
please remain calm.
-[Riya groans]
-[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
-[Riya pants]
-[Medbot]
Thank you for using Medbot.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
Hey, have you been experiencing
any fever spikes?
Uh, yeah. Actually,
just right before you got here.
I found something in the emergency kit.
-I just put it on. It was a patch.
-[Medbot beeping]
All right. All done.
[Medbot beeping]
Anything stand out?
Nothing major.
There's some swelling in the brain.
Most likely caused by blunt force trauma.
But fever, memory loss.
It says here they're all side effects
of the swelling.
But I'll remember everything
eventually, right?
You should still have
your technical memory
and all the skills that you've learned.
No.
I-- I mean...
about me.
Who I am.
What happened here.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
[suspenseful music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[Brion]
A while back on the way out here.
You and I. We were talking about
why we joined the program?
There's something about the way you spoke.
Like, it wasn't about making a sacrifice.
It was about needing answers.
Like what was out there.
Wasn't enough for you.
See, you don't remember who you are.
But somehow you're still exactly the same.
Get some rest.
[door opens]
[gasps]
[shrieks]
[suspenseful music playing]
[spacesuit whirring]
[sombre music playing]
What are you looking at?
[thundering]
[Riya] I can't imagine her
still being out there.
If she is, she's got to be running low
on oxygen by now.
She may have tried to find shelter.
Sandstorms out here are no jokes.
Maybe we can find her.
I saw a drone somewhere.
[Brion]
Which you're planning
to pilot how?
[Riya] Yeah.
Shit.
What if she needs our help?
Maybe she got infected
by something out there.
Lost her mind. Killed everyone.
[Brion]
We need to forget about Clarke.
Listen, the station is on standby.
Running basic life support systems only.
We're running out of oxygen.
So what's the plan after this?
[Brion]
We need to get off this planet
as soon as possible.
That is our priority.
Everything else, including trying to
figure out what the fuck happened here,
has to come second.
Talking big picture.
[Brion]
Big picture. First, we got to
get back up to the Orbital.
Which ain't easy.
Our rotation and satellite's orbit
have to line-up exactly.
-
Next line-up is in 12 hours.
-[pants]
Hey, you okay?
Yeah.
I just need a second. [pants]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[gasps]
[Brion]
Riya.
Riya?
[pants]
-[door closes]
-[Riya grunts]
[Brion] You cool?
Yeah, I'm cool.
You don't seem cool.
Hey, I'm fine. I'm just...
I'm tired. That's all.
I haven't slept that well.
It's your patch. It's out of juice.
If you want, I can go--
I just need you to give me fucking space.
I'm sorry.
I'm just tired. That's all.
[sombre music playing]
[cacophony of indistinct whispering]
[footsteps approaching]
[shudders]
[grunts]
[indistinct whispering]
[door lock beeping]
-[somber music playing]
-[pants]
[patch beeping]
-[patch beeping]
-[pants]
What's happening? [echoes]
What is happening?
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind howling]
I'm sorry about earlier.
Hey, man. It's cool. I get it.
We're all dealing with
some pretty meteoric shit right now.
-[thundering]
-You know...
I've started to remember things.
Yeah?
Like what?
-[sighs]
-This is about Kev?
-Yeah.
-[wind howling]
How do I know if it's true?
If this is about the two of you being a...
a thing, then yeah.
It's true.
[indistinct screaming]
[station thudding]
[Brion] This station's about to handle
much worse than this.
[alarm blaring]
[facility]
Hull breach.
Oxygen levels critical.
[upbeat music playing]
[facility]
Hull breach.
Oxygen levels critical.
Where is it?
[Brion] There's gotta be a hole
in the structure somewhere.
[Riya] Brion, in here.
-Why is this open?
-[Brion] Oh, shit.
[facility]
Vital oxygen levels compromised.
[Riya] How much time do we have?
[Brion] Every minute we don't fix this,
we lose ten hours of breathable air.
[Riya] Okay, I'm going in.
[facility]
Pressure loss imminent.
[Riya] It's tight in here.
So small.
[facility]
Oxygen levels
in all sectors at critical level.
Someone's been in here?
[Brion]
Yeah, probably tried some sort of
manual fix for the system failure.
Just hit 75.
[metal clanging]
I can hear something.
[Brion]
It's gotta be just ahead of you.
I hear some noise coming through the back.
[Brion]
Hey, what's going on?
Brion, I need to get off comms.
It's too tight.
[Brion]
Work fast, Ri.
You're practically breathing
poison in there.
Riya?
[metal clanging]
[grunts]
-[metal clanging]
-[grunts]
[metal clanging]
[Riya] There you are.
-[gasps]
-[high pitch squealing]
[shrieks]
[pants]
[Riya grunts]
[footsteps approaching]
Alright.
So, we are going off the theory,
and correct me if I'm wrong,
that Clarke came into contact
-with some sort of--
-A pathogen, yes.
Somewhere out there.
And it triggered
some sort of psychotic break.
[muffled] Right?
[low drone]
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Alright, so maybe this infection...
is changing her.
-Like rabies, or--
-[Riya] Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Yes.
Yeah, maybe, but...
It's just something is not adding up.
Yeah, well, it's not gonna add up.
I mean, not for a while.
You know, we're still missing
most of the picture here.
Well, we fill it in.
That's what we're gonna do
the next few days, right?
[sighs]
What?
What? Say it.
We just lost 30% of our oxygen.
We don't have time to fill anything in.
Okay, we have to take
the next line-up in five hours.
We have no answers.
We have more questions. We can't--
Riya! You are not listening to me, okay?
It is tonight, or we die.
All right? We suffocate.
And all of this,
all of this was for nothing.
We're just gonna leave her behind.
-We're gonna leave Clarke behind.
-We don't have a choice, Ri.
Not with the time frame
that we are working with. Okay?
We still have to make it back
to my lander, and that's 25 minutes easy.
Okay? And we still don't even know
what the fuck is going on with Clarke.
Okay? She is not worth the risk.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
[sighs]
Riya, we will get to the bottom of this.
I promise.
You good?
Yes. I'm good.
[soft music playing]
[thundering]
[Kevin]
Sometimes I feel like
I could close my eyes
and be back on Earth.
But being here is the start of something.
Not a reminder of what we've done.
We're finally here.
-[inhales]
-[sombre music playing]
[bells chiming]
[drone whirring]
[soft music playing]
[birds shrieking]
[drone whirring]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
[high pitched droning]
[Kevin] Riya.
It hurts. [echoes]
[birds chirping]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Riya gasps]
-[shrieks]
[pants]
[upbeat music playing]
[computer stuttering]
[Medbot beeping]
[Kevin] Now, I know
there's not a lot out there,
but I'm not really missing Earth much.
This place is amazing.
[Clarke] You'd leave
in a heartbeat for a pizza.
-[crowd chuckling]
-[Kevin] Okay.
[Riya] I don't think
I'll ever get used to these views.
[Clarke] Mm, mm.
[Kevin] I like the view of you
in that space suit.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Kevin chuckles]
-[Clarke] You really said that.
-[Clarke chuckles]
-Shut up.
[Davis] My room
is right next to both of theirs.
-[Clarke] Oh, I know!
-[Davis laughing]
-[Riya] Stop, guys.
-[Davis] Just imagine the sounds.
-[Riya] Guys, focus, come on.
-[Clarke] I can hear it too.
-They can't help themselves.
-[crowd chuckling]
-[Clarke groaning]
-[Davis]
My man is terrible.
[Kevin] Guys, I think
we're getting closer. It's got to be here.
[Riya] Are you sure?
Because if you're not...
You're going to cook dinner tonight.
-[Clarke] That's a fucking no.
-[Davis] Yeah, no. Yeah, please no.
-[Davis] Please no.
-[Kevin] Oh, you're what?
[Riya] What are you guys talking about?
All we have is beans and rice.
-[Davis] I need no more of that shit.
-[crowd chuckling]
[Kevin] Hey, guys, I think we're here.
This is the exact spot
that Brion pinpointed the emissions to.
[Riya]
Really?
[Kevin]
It's just past these rocks.
-[Clarke] Are you sure?
-[Kevin] Yeah.
[Kevin] Can you believe it?
-[Riya] Holy shit. Look at this.
-[Kevin] This is insane.
[Clarke] Oh my God.
[Kevin] Kevin. Home.
-[Davis] Dude, I knew it.
-[Kevin] They were right.
-[Davis] It's fucking manufactured.
-[Kevin] This is amazing.
The whole atmosphere is manufactured.
They made it.
[Clarke chuckles]
How many of these are there?
[Kevin]
Across the whole planet?
Dozens, maybe hundreds, maybe more.
At least to the extent
that Brion could observe it.
Emission signatures,
they get a little diffused
by the time they reach orbit.
I mean, this is it.
-We did it, guys. We did it.
-[Clarke]
Holy shit!
[Kevin exclaiming]
Let's go.
-[Riya] How deep is it?
-[Clarke] Whoa!
[Davis] Hang on, let me find out.
[Clarke] Just-- just be careful,
all right?
[Davis] Oh, you guys, come on.
I can handle it.
One. Two.
Three. Four. Five.
Whoa.
[Davis] Hang on, guys. I think I see--
-[eerie music playing]
-[gasps]
[Kevin] Davis!
[Kevin] No!
[Clarke] Oh my God!
[Riya] Careful! Careful!
[Kevin] Guys! Guys!
[Kevin] What's happening?
[Kevin] We gotta get out of here.
[Kevin] What are we doing here. Let's go!
-[Brion] What's this?
-[gasps]
You knew.
What are you talking about?
[sighs]
[sniffles]
You can explain, right?
Listen to me.
I didn't know.
[Brion] Not for sure.
[Brion] I knew that you went on a mission,
but you went dark.
The entire station went dark, okay?
I didn't know that this was how--
how Dav--
You knew why we were out there.
You knew.
Kevin talks about it in the fucking video.
[Riya] This entire time you saw me
go around in fucking circles
over and over trying to decipher
what the fuck had happened
to Kevin, to Clarke, to Audie, to Davis.
I was going fucking crazy
when the entire time you knew
this planet was being terraformed.
There was a window.
Okay, I had a mission and a window,
and the only way to fulfill the mission
-was to keep things under control during--
-To keep me under control! Me!
Because I know you, okay?
I know how you are.
You may have lost your memory,
but you haven't changed at all.
Okay, why can't you just let it go?
For once.
For once, until we are up there.
Until we are safe.
Because I killed them.
What?
What'd you--
I killed Kev.
I killed Audie, and I...
I just don't know...
I don't know why I did it.
I don't.
I just...
If we leave this station,
I'm never gonna know.
I-- I-- I need to know.
-Brion, I need to know. I can't leave.
-Hey, hey, hey.
What are you saying to me?
I don't...
I don't know why I did it.
These patches...
When they're fading, I've...
I start having more memories.
I can remember everything,
and it comes back faster.
Maybe-- maybe we can...
we can wait for two more hours.
-They've been coming quicker and quicker.
-[Brion] Not a chance. Not a chance.
-Why not?!
-Because I don't trust you!
Okay?!
[scoffs] All right, listen to me.
I...
I trust you. I just don't know
the person that did this.
Okay? And I don't know
who you would become
if you stopped using these things.
We were gonna go up there.
What if I...
-if I don't remember?
-Then you don't remember.
And you live with it.
[Brion] Riya.
Listen to me.
You and I...
we have a purpose.
Okay?
We sacrificed our lives on Earth
to come out here for a reason.
This.
This is about our species.
The big picture.
Okay? What we have uncovered here,
proof of alien intelligence
somewhere out there.
There is technology to mold planets.
This could change the fate
of our entire existence.
Our priority has to be about
the preservation of our mission.
Do you understand this?
Riya.
Tell me that you get this.
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
I just want to make sure that we're...
we're good.
Yeah, we're good. I'm just getting ready.
How long till line-up?
Lander takes off
in two hours and 39 minutes.
A couple clicks east of here.
You all patched up?
Yes.
Put one 30 minutes ago.
Is that enough?
You said they're getting less effective.
[patch rustling]
Come on.
-[patch beeping]
-[Brion] There we go.
That's good as new.
[Brion exhales deeply]
-I'll come get you when it's time to…
[muffled] head out.
[indistinct whispering]
[lights flickering]
Brion I...
[eerie music playing]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Audie grunts]
[Riya grunts] Audie, no!
[Riya grunts]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Audie groans]
-[Audie grunts]
[Riya] No! [grunts]
[Riya grunts]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Audie groans]
[Riya] Audie, no.
[Riya] Stop! [grunts]
-[Audie grunts]
-[Riya grunts, groans]
[Riya groans]
[Riya groans] No! [grunts]
[Riya grunts]
[Riya grunts, pants]
[Riya pants]
[Riya grunts]
[Riya grunting, crying]
[shrieks]
[gasps, pants]
[lights flickering]
[groans]
[metal clattering]
Brion?
It wasn't just Clarke.
-[metal clattering]
-[Riya] They're all infected.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[gasps]
[sombre music playing]
Brion?
[gasps]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Riya grunts]
[grunts]
[Riya grunts]
-[spacesuit whirring]
-[groans]
[eerie music playing]
[Riya pants, grunts]
[Riya grunts]
[Riya groans]
[shower pattering]
-[spacesuit whirring]
-[Clarke chokes]
-[Riya grunts]
[screams]
-[Clarke chokes]
[Riya pants]
[sombre music playing]
[Medbot beeping]
Welcome to Medbot.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
-[groans]
-[Medbot beeping]
Medbot is now scanning,
please remain calm.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
Medbot scan completed.
[Medbot beeping]
[somber music playing over Medbot]
What?
No.
[Medbot beeping]
No, no, there has to be something else.
There has to be something else.
[Medbot beeping]
Fuck!
[somber music playing]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Orbital line-up window
is now open.
Orbital line-up window is now open.
[hopeful music plays]
[hatch opens]
[hatch closes]
[pants]
[upbeat music playing]
[buttons beeping]
-Come on.
-[buttons beeping]
-[computer stuttering]
-No. No. No.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Oh fuck.
Fuck. Fuck!
[sighs]
[upbeat music continues playing]
[patch beeping]
[Medbot]
Welcome to Medbot.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
[Medbot beeping]
[upbeat music playing]
[grunts, pants]
[Medbot whirring]
[Medbot beeping]
Medbot scan completed.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
[Medbot beeping]
-[somber music playing over Medbot]
-[Riya] Fifty-one hours ago.
What is going on?
What is happening? It's your fault.
[cacophony of indistinct whispering]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
[metal clanging]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Unusual life form detected.
Hello?
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[soft music playing]
[shudders]
[footsteps approaching]
[Riya] What are you?
[quick breathing]
[Riya] You used me.
You used me to kill her.
-[gasps]
-[eerie music playing]
You...
you are...
the infection.
A part of you.
You...
will understand.
[eerie music playing]
Let me show you.
-[hatch opens]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Kevin] What the hell is that thing?
-[Kevin] How long has it been here?
-[Audie] Maybe it came back with you.
[computer stuttering]
[Brion]
Orbital to ground station.
Ground station, do you copy?
The data transfer's interrupted.
Please respond.
Ground station, do you copy?
This is the Orbital.
Ground station, please respond.
[thundering]
[computer stuttering]
-[Kevin] Riya, step back.
-[Audie] It's everywhere.
[Riya] Take a sample. Bring it to the lab.
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Movement detected at Zone One.
Exterior airlock.
[wind howling]
[airlock closes]
[thundering]
What the fuck happened to Davis?
It seems like it attached itself
to our mainframe.
Yeah, it spread from there.
I dug a hole in the wall to see how far.
And it's-- it's mostly isolated
-to the airlock and the control room.
-For now.
What if it's been studying us
ever since we landed?
Exactly. Waiting for the right moment
to shut us down.
[Audie] When's the next line-up?
[soft music playing]
Huh?
The next line-up. When is it?
[stutters]
-Thirteen hours.
-[Kevin] Got it.
-I'll pack up the lab and I'll meet you...
-No, no, wait.
-We're leaving.
-Riya, we're following protocol.
Fuck the protocol.
-This is what we've been waiting--
-No!
Protocol exists for a reason.
We need to get out of here
before that thing spreads.
-Protect the mission.
-The mission? This is the mission.
Do you guys remember why we signed up?
All of us.
Everything we sacrificed.
That the best case scenario,
we would grow old light years away
from everything we've ever known.
It's out there.
Right now.
An actual solution.
The technology to create a new world
where we don't get poisoned
by the air we're breathing.
[thundering]
[door opens]
[Riya] Self-replicating technology.
[Audie] What are you doing?
Audie...
Audie, this could be our answer.
[squelches]
Back the fuck up!
[grunts]
-Audie!
-[grunts]
[grunts, groans]
Audie!
-[groans]
-[parasite screeching]
[groans]
No. No. No.
[parasite growling]
[Riya] Audie?
[high pitched frequency]
[Clarke] What the fuck?! Riya!
-[Riya pants]
-[Kevin] Whoa! Whoa!
-Riya.
-[Clarke] What the fuck?
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
-Riya, what have you done?
-[Riya panting]
-[intense music playing]
-Oh shit!
-[Audie grunts]
-[Kevin groans]
-[Kevin chokes]
-[Clarke grunts]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Kevin grunts]
[grunts, groans]
[Kevin grunts]
[Kevin groans]
-[Riya grunts, groans]
-[Audie grunts]
-[grunts, groans]
-[Kevin grunts, groans]
[Kevin groans]
-Throw me!
-[Riya groans]
-[Audie grunts]
-[Kevin groans]
[Audie grunts]
[Riya groans]
-[Riya] Kevin.
-[Kevin grunts]
Kevin?
-[groans]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[grunts]
[groans] Riya!
-[parasite shrieking]
-[screams]
-[Riya grunts]
-[shrieks]
[Riya grunts]
[groans]
-[Riya groans]
-[Kevin growls]
[Riya groans]
-[Riya groans]
[Kevin growls]
-[Kevin growls]
[gasps]
[Kevin growls]
[eerie music playing]
-[Clarke grunts]
-[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
-You okay?
-[alarm blaring]
-Riya!
-Clarke.
Come on, we gotta
get the fuck out of here!
Go.
-[Kevin growls]
-[Clarke] Riya! [grunts]
Clarke!
[Clarke grunts, groans]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
[helmet thudding]
-[screams, groans]
-[helmet thudding]
-Help her.
-[Clarke groaning]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Clarke groans]
[growls]
Fuck.
[Kevin growls]
Oh fuck.
[grunts] Clarke.
[grunts]
[Kevin growls]
-[Clarke groans]
-Clarke.
-[Riya grunts]
-[pants]
[Riya grunts]
You gotta go.
Go to the lander.
I have to stay. [grunts]
-[Riya grunts]
-[Clarke grunts]
-[Kevin growls]
-[Brion groans]
-[grunts]
[sombre music playing]
[pants]
-[Kevin growls]
-[Brion grunts]
[growls]
[pants]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Kevin] Riya.
-[gasps]
[Kevin] It's me.
-[Riya gasps]
-[eerie music playing]
[whispers] Kevin.
[Riya pants]
Did I do this?
[Kevin] It's okay.
-[shushes]
-[Riya] It's all my fault.
[Riya shudders]
It's okay.
-[Riya stutters]
-[Kevin shushes]
[mumbles] You can say it. I'm sorry.
Hey.
Remember.
It's okay.
[grunts]
-[Kevin growls]
-[Riya shudders]
-[groans]
-[parasite shrieks]
[shudders]
[parasite shrieks]
[screams]
[eerie music playing]
[soft music playing]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Abnormal activity detected.
[gasps]
[eerie music playing]
[Riya]
Take it, Riya.
You're all alone.
You're gonna die.
You didn't do this. You killed them all.
I'm scared. Am I crazy?
[indistinct whispering]
[thundering]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Unusual parasitic activity detected.
[parasite]
This is our planet, our investment.
We will not let you take it from us.
We have seen your memories.
You are as your species.
Inefficient.
Doomed to self-destruction.
All we need is one of you.
Rejoice, you have been
chosen to join the many.
[eerie music playing]
[parasite] You will become more.
I don't want
More.
[parasite growls]
[parasite] You will see.
It is the greatest privilege to join our
existence.
Fuck your existence.
[groans]
[sighs]
[eerie music playing]
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Oxygen levels
in all sectors at critical level.
[facility beeping]
[facility]
Vital oxygen levels compromised.
-[Medbot beeping]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Medbot]
Welcome to Medbot.
-[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
-[sighs]
Medbot is now scanning,
please remain calm.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
Scanning completed.
-[Medbot beeping]
-[pants]
[Medbot]
Next phase beginning,
please remain calm.
[Medbot repeats itself in Japanese]
[groans]
[winces]
[flatline tone]
[soft music playing]
[gasps]
[intense music playing]
[groans]
[parasite shrieking]
[Medbot beeping]
[triumphant music playing over Medbot]
-[crowd applauding over Medbot]
-[Medbot beeping]
[parasite squelching]
-[parasite squelching]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
[growls]
[parasite grunts]
[Riya groans]
-[parasite growls]
-[Riya groans]
-[Riya chokes]
-[parasite growls]
-[Riya choking]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite growls]
-[Riya groans]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite growls]
-[parasite groans]
[Riya grunts]
[parasite growls]
[Riya groans]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite groans]
-[parasite growls]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite groans]
[parasite growls]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite groans]
[parasite growls]
-What the--
-[parasite growls]
-[Riya grunts]
-[parasite groans]
-[Riya screams]
[Riya grunts]
[parasite groans]
-[Riya screams]
-[parasite groans]
[alarm blaring]
Fuck you!
[tranquil music playing]
[buttons beeping]
-[computer beeping, powering up]
-Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
[computer beeping]
[lander powering up]
[chuckles]
[buttons beeping]
[lander engines revving]
[soft music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[all cheering]
[soft instrumental music playing]
[song playing]
♪
A host ♪
♪ I claim you
♪
As my own
Even if some
♪
Wanted to
Obey
♪
In your dreams
I, I saw
♪
Sweet dream
In your head
♪
My dreams
You
♪
Keep
[woman vocalizing]
[piano playing]
[parasite growling]
[flatlining tone]